since the cs6 version the company adobe
who is the creator of photoshop I include
an auto - save option to be able
recover changes that we have made
previously in our documents this
It is useful when there are problems with the
program to be working and cause
of it we did not have time to save the
changes made happen normally
when the operating system shows a
error for some reason and it makes
photoshop stop working for example
in windows surely many have seen
the famous message of the program has
stopped working and closes
suddenly a message that all
we hate without doubt another possible cause is
when there is some power cut
electrical something that is not in our
hands unless we have a device
those known as know break would not happen
to older but otherwise if
we'll be hard for luck for that
serves the option of automatic saving
that has photoshop what it will do is
save the changes made in the
documents every so often while
we are working no matter if
we
We save them manually or not
time is set in minutes and
we can choose from 5 minutes to one
hour of duration I'll show you what
does the auto-save option I'm going to
simulate that photoshop stopped working
but first we have to configure this
option to work properly
right enter the menu edition and in
preferences in administration of
records
we see an option that says save
recovery information
automatically every this is what you
said we can select from 5
minutes up to an hour going through these
three quantities 10 15 and 30 minutes in
this moment I have not configured
like 5 minutes once you set the
press time ok what time
is indicating is that every five minutes
in this case because I select that
amount will save so
automatic changes that we have made
in our document it is important that
Take into account that you do not keep them
normal way does it temporarily
for example if we
working normally probably
we made some change that we do not want
save photoshop maybe save it but
it will not do it directly in the file
original but in a temporary one which
use only if we
let's want to simulate then that
photoshop has been closed by mistake this
document I have not saved it yet you can
see as it says without title is forced to
that is closing photoshop now I'm going to
open we see that by opening it so
automatic also opens the last
document that we had and in which
we made some changes in my case myself
just add this text that says
that top title 1 note now that the
Document title bar says
recovered at 100% and is showing the
layer that I added later and this
change do not keep it however
photoshop yes he did let's suppose that
we already saved this document
in some location logically without this
layer because we do not save the changes if
I'm not interested in this change that says
simply ignore
the window is pressing the X
to close it or if we are interested
select the save option as
we can give you a name this is the
new option that the programs have
adobe cs6 for some may be useful
for others, not so much we can configure
the time the number of minutes that
we believe they are convenient